Added smol soldering tutorial page with new text tutorial. Moved existing video tutorial to it. (#2)
Depact/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/smol-slimes/hardware/smol-tracker-soldering.md

> This guide provides two ways to learn how to solder your Smol Tracker: a video tutorial and a step-by-step text tutorial. Choose the method that works best for you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide offers two ways to learn to solder your Smol Tracker: a video and a step-by-step text tutorial. Choose the method that works best for you!
```

> ## Table Of Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Table of Contents
```

Very minor, but I think this would look better on every page with a ToC.

* TOC
{:toc}

## Soldering Tutorials

### Lyall Smol Tracker Soldering Video Tutorial

> If you prefer to watch a demonstration, follow along with this video:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to watch a demonstration, you can follow along with the video below.
```

  ></iframe>
</div>

### Depact Smol Tracker Soldering Text Tutorial

#### Tools Needed

> ##### Essential tools 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Essential Tools
```

- Side cutter pliers

> - Tweezers (helpful for holding buttons and header pins in place)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tweezers (used for holding buttons and header pins in place)
```

- Soldering iron

> - Soldering sponge (for cleaning the soldering iron tip)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Soldering sponge (used for cleaning the soldering iron tip)
```

> - Flux-cored solder wire (recommended for ease of use, over separate solder and flux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flux-cored solder wire (recommended for ease of use over separate solder and flux)
```

> - Scissors (for cutting Kapton tape)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scissors (used for cutting Kapton tape)
```

> ##### Optional additional tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Optional Additional Tools
```

- Soldering jig (optional, but makes holding the board easier)
- Soldering mat (optional, protects your workspace)

#### Soldering Steps

1. **Solder the Button**
   - Prefill the through-holes under the button contacts with solder.

>    - Place the button onto the prefilled holes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Place the button onto the solder-filled holes.
```
Just avoiding repetitive wording.

   - Heat the area with the soldering iron until the solder connects the button pads securely.
   <img src="..\assets\img\soldering\depact-soldering-guide\1.webp" loading="lazy" class="big-size-image"/>

2. **Solder the Breakaway Header**
   - Break off a segment of 6 pins from the breakaway header strip.

>    - Insert the header into the through-holes, leaning it toward the center of the board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Insert the header into the through-holes, leaning it slightly toward the center of the board to hold it in place.
```

>    - Solder each pin one by one, ensuring they are straight and secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Solder each pin one by one, making sure they remain straight and securely attached.
```

   <img src="..\assets\img\soldering\depact-soldering-guide\2.webp" loading="lazy" class="big-size-image"/>

3. **Insulate the IMU**

>    - Cover the backs of the IMUs with Kapton tape to prevent shorts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Cover the backs of the IMU with Kapton tape to prevent shorts.
```
"Backs" is plural already

   <img src="..\assets\img\soldering\depact-soldering-guide\3.webp" loading="lazy" class="big-size-image"/>

4. **Solder Headers to the IMU**
   - Solder a row of breakaway headers to one side of the IMU.
   <img src="..\assets\img\soldering\depact-soldering-guide\4.webp" loading="lazy" class="big-size-image"/>

>    - Solder the headers on the other side at an angle to reach the IMU pads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Solder the headers on the other side at a slight angle to ensure contact with the IMU pads.
```

   <img src="..\assets\img\soldering\depact-soldering-guide\5.webp" loading="lazy" class="big-size-image"/>

5. **Trim and Inspect Header Pins**

>    - Use side cutter pliers to trim any excess length from the header pins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use side cutter pliers to trim excess length from the header pins.
```
Slightly more streamlined.

>    - Inspect the solder joints and add more solder if needed, but avoid overheating to prevent pins from loosening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Inspect the solder joints and add more solder if needed, but avoid overheating, as this can loosen the pins.
```

   <img src="..\assets\img\soldering\depact-soldering-guide\6.webp" loading="lazy" class="big-size-image"/>

6. **Solder the Antenna Mod and Battery**

>    - Solder the antenna wire and battery connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Solder the antenna wire and the battery leads to their respective pads.
```

>    - For the antenna, cut a wire approximately the length of the board. As long as it is longer than 31.2mm, it will work well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For the antenna, cut a wire approximately the length of the board—just make sure it is at least 31.2 mm long.
```
I can't verify if longer antenna will provide a better signal. Just cleaned up the sentence for clarity.

   <img src="..\assets\img\soldering\depact-soldering-guide\7.webp" loading="lazy" class="big-size-image"/>

> Take your time and double-check each connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Double-check each connection carefully before powering the board.
```
